Technique example: data loader, Julia to TXT (#1421)
observablehq/framework: examples/loader-julia-to-txt/README.md

[Framework examples →](../)

# Julia data loader to generate TXT

View live: <https://observablehq.observablehq.cloud/framework-example-loader-julia-to-txt/>

> This Observable Framework example demonstrates how to write a data loader in Julia that generates a text file. Text of Edgar Allen Poe's _The Raven_ is accessed from [Project Gutenberg](https://www.gutenberg.org/cache/epub/1065/pg1065.txt). The text is parsed and single stanza (specified by number) is returned as text to standard out.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This Observable Framework example demonstrates how to write a data loader in Julia that generates a text file. Text of Edgar Allen Poe's _The Raven_ is accessed from [Project Gutenberg](https://www.gutenberg.org/cache/epub/1065/pg1065.txt). The text is parsed and its 29th stanza (paragraph) is returned as text to standard out.
```
